# How the script work
* After loading the zipfile, i use the unzip function to unzip it in R.
* Then i create a empty dataframe so that i can put my merged data into it.
* There have several files in the zip, the data i need are in the features.txt,subject_test.txt,X_test.txt,subject_train.txt,X_train.txt. Also the y_test.txt,y_train.txt files are needed in later's manipulate. So i use read.table function to read data from those text files.
* Firstly i read four datasets from those files, which are fea,X_test,testsub,X_train,trainsub. The fea include a list of features,which is name of the feature. The X_test and the testsub include the 561-feature vector with time and frequency domain variables and the the subject who performed the activity seperately, and the X_train and trainsub have the same structure. It seems that each subject has one row feature vector, so i use cbind to merge subject data and feature vector data. Since the data in train have same structure with the data in test, it make sense to rowcombine these two dataset. After merge these data , i assign to mergedata.
* I need to mention that the order i did the project is not the same with what we are told. I did the point 4 next. So my next step is to labels the data set with descriptive variable names. The fea contains variable names but it is not character. So i use as.character function to convert it into character.  The varible names are in the second column of fea and the first column of the mergedata is the subject, so i set the colnames of mergedata into c("subject",fea$V2)
* Then i come back to the point 2. I need to extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. After observing the varibles name, i know that column 2 to 7 are the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. so i select mergedata from column 1 to 7, incluind the subject column.
* In point 3,Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set. So it require us to read the labels which stand for the activities. These labels are in the y_test.txt,y_train.txt files, so i read these data into two different data set, then rowcombine them. Another data i need is the activity names of these labels. So i read it in too.
* Since every label has a corresponding activity name, what i need to do is to give  label its activity names. I use y$activity<-labels[y$V1,2] to match. And then i just merge the data with labels and activity names with the original data set.
* Finally in point5,we need to create a new tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject. Firstly i group data by subject and activity. And the group_by function under the plyr package, so i library it. Then i use sumarise_each function to average every measurement in groups
